                                      
G.Srikanth Reddy                                                                                 
Ph: +91-8095745815
Mail:srikanthawsos@gmail.com


Professional Summary:
Overall 7 years of experience in Systems engineering and cloud operations
Good knowledge in Installation,  Administration & Troubleshooting skills on various flavors of Linux and windows
An extensive & proven knowledge in Installation & Administration on various Linux Servers 

Experience Summary:
Currently working as DevOps Engineer in “HP Inc” With “TekSystems” from  Dec 2017 to Till date.
Worked as DevOps Engineer in “HP Inc” With “Infobell IT” from July 2016 to Nov2017.
Worked as Systems Engineer in “Spider Software Solutions Pvt.Ltd” from Nov 2011 to June 2016.
Worked as SEO Executive in “HardSoft Solutions Pvt.Ltd” from June 2009 to  October 2011.

Academic Qualification:
MCA from A.S.N Degree College, Tenali.

Technical Summary:
Operating Systems			: RedHat, Ubuntu
Deployment Tool			: AWS Elastic Beanstalk, AWS Code Deploy   		
Database				: MySQL
Disk Management			: RAID, LVM
Servers				: DNS, SAMBA, FTP, NFS, Route53
Web Servers				: Apache, Tomcat
Security/Firewalls			: Security groups
Others				: Job Scheduling
Scripting				: Shell Scripting
Cloud	   	 : AWS

Responsibilities:


Cloud Environment:
Automate, streamline all deployment activities
Monitor all production instances for incidents and trends
Work closely with developers to understand changes in each release and keep all tools up-to-date to ensure automated deployments.
Plan, execute all planned downtimes for upgrades, maintenance activities etc
Own up all infrastructure related troubleshooting during unplanned outages
Escalate and communicate issues timely and thrive to seek quick resolution 
Experience in working with relational databases and installation.
Primary systems administrator for Linux servers.
Monitor performance, utilization of resources and troubleshoot as required.
Install, configure and document deployment of new servers.
Backup and recovery of data in the servers.
Be part of the DevOps initiative - work with developers and write shell scripts.
Experience in working in cloud environment like AWS.
Knowledge in deployment tool Chef
Experience to version control systems, such as - GITHubEnterprise
Exposure in cloud based environments with capabilities in automation of environment provisioning
Eagerness to learn and work outside your technology comfort zone.
Experience with Apache configuration
Knowledge with network monitoring systems such as Nagios.

Installations:

Installing and configuring the Linux
Installing and removing software packages & patches according to the requirement.
Remote Administration of Linux Servers. 

Managing File Systems:

Understanding File System, File System Types, and Disk Slices on INTEL machines.
Creating UNIX File System.
Creating, Mounting, Unmounting.

User, Group and Security Administration:
User administration and management like add/change/delete user account, groups and access Level security.
Managing users, groups and system security.
Adding, removing, or updating user account information, resetting passwords, etc..,
Applying quota’s on different users

Managing System Processes:
Viewing a Process, Scheduling Processes & Priorities.
Configuring Crontab and at Jobs.

Performing System Backups And Restorations:
Managing Backups by using tar,dump and SCP commands.
Taking regular & incremental backups of file systems & databases

Controlling Access and Configuring System Messaging:
Access Controlling List (ACL).
Configured different RAID Technologies like RAID 0, RAID 1, and RAID 5 on Linux.
Good proficiency in Logical Volume Manager (LVM).

Network Environment:
Understanding of Network topologies, Network models, protocols, and Ethernet, IP Addressing.
Controlling and changing system Hostname.
Understanding of interface card for Network card.
Configuration & unconfiguration of IP Address & Types.
Monitoring Network Protocols like telnet, ftp, SCP and ssh.
Implementing Trusted Relationship between Users of Remote Servers.
Configuring ftp Server with Real, Anonymous and Guest users.
Configuring NFS servers and clients with Autofs.
Network Services and Maintenance.
Personal Profile:
Name:				G.Srikanth Reddy
Fathers Name:		G.Vema Reddy
Address:			S/o Vema reddy,
				No: 26/B
				7th B Main
				BTM 1st Stage, Bangalore-560029
Marital Status:			Married 

Declaration:
	I here by declare that all details furnished above are true to the best of my knowledge.
Date:



